This is a simple banking system project, made with python and OOP.

It consists of 5 classes - Bank, BankAccount, SavingAccount, Client and Transaction.

Initially, an instance of the bank class is created, which has a name and a users list.

After that, the user is given the options to create a new user, to access an existing user or to exit the program.

If the user chooses to create a user, the user is prompted for a name and a user id.

Once you are inside a user profile, there will be a sub-menu to either open an account, to access an existing account or to exit the sub-menu.

Once inside the account menu, there will be an option to deposit, to withdraw, to check account balance, to display all transactions for that account or to exist this activity sub-menu.


The unique user account number is a 5 digit number, automatically generated by using random number between 1000 and 9999. The account number serves as a password for the user to log into his account and do operation with it. 

After the instantiation of the Client object, it is been added to the bank class database.

After creating the account, the user can choose to create another or to enter an existing one. 

If the user chooses the second option, the user is prompted to authenticate with the name and the user id. The two arguments are passed to the authentication method of the bank class and if such credentials exist in the bank database, a variable called current_client is created from the existing client database.

After that, the usercan do operations with his account: withdraw, deposit, check balance, transaction history or exit to the main menu. 


# Simple-Banking-System
